CD FAQ (#6269)
harness/developer-hub: kb/continuous-delivery/continuous-delivery-faqs.md

#### How will the feature flag `CDS_ASG_PHASED_DEPLOY_FEATURE_NG` function with my ASG deployment after updating my configuration from Launch Configuration to Launch Template during the migration of a pipeline from FirstGen to NextGen?

Harness has redesigned the NextGen platform to support multiple strategies and accommodate new features provided by AWS like instance refresh, etc. Even though pipelines using Launch Configuration will still work, their design, especially the ASG rolling deploy step, differs from FirstGen. More details about the rolling deploy step can be found here: [ASG Tutorial](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/aws/asg-tutorial/#rolling).

> #### Why am I getting an error that az command is not found?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Why am I getting the error: `az command is not found`?
```

If you receive the below error

```
az command not found
```

> It indicates that the Azure CLI is not installed in your session. This typically happens when running a Shell Script step on the Delegate or when running a script in a CI Build Stage. To fix this, please make sure to install the Azure CLI on the Delegate. You can refer to the following [documentation](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/delegates/install-delegates/install-a-delegate-with-3-rd-party-tool-custom-binaries/#add-your-custom-tools) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It indicates that the Azure CLI is not installed in your session. This typically happens when running a Shell Script step on the Delegate or when running a script in a CI Build Stage. To fix this, please make sure to install the Azure CLI on the Delegate. Go to [Add Your Custom Tools](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/delegates/install-delegates/install-a-delegate-with-3-rd-party-tool-custom-binaries/#add-your-custom-tools) for more information.
```
